CREATE
REPLICATION
GROUP
my_iceberg_rg
AS
REPLICA
OF
myorg
.
my_source_account
.
my_iceberg_rg
;
Copy
Skip this step if you already have a secondary group that replicates the group in the source account.
In the target account, run a refresh command.
ALTER
REPLICATION
GROUP
my_iceberg_rg
REFRESH
;
Copy
As long as you replicate the database that contains your Snowflake-managed Iceberg table and you’ve
configured access to your cloud storage for the target account, Snowflake replicates the table in the target account.
Note
The refresh operation fails if Snowflake can’t access the storage location configured for the target account.
If this happens, double-check your access control settings, or try
Verifying storage access
.
Considerations and limitations
¶
Consider the following points when you use replication for Iceberg tables:
Snowflake currently supports replication of Snowflake-managed tables only.
Replicating converted Iceberg tables isn’t supported. Snowflake skips converted tables during refresh operations.
For replicated tables, you must configure access to a storage location in the
same region
as the target account.
If you drop or alter a storage location that is used for replication on the primary external volume, refresh operations might fail.
Secondary tables in the target account are read-only until you promote the target account to serve as the source account.
Snowflake maintains the
directory hierarchy
of the primary Iceberg table for the secondary table.
Replication costs apply for this feature. For more information, see
Understanding replication cost
.
For considerations about the account objects for replication and failover groups, see
Account objects
.
On this page
Opt in to the public preview for replication for Snowflake-managed Iceberg tables
Enable replication
Replicate an external volume by using a failover group
Replicate an external volume by using a replication group
Considerations and limitations
Related content
Introduction to replication and failover across multiple accounts
SYSTEM$DESC_ICEBERG_ACCESS_IDENTITY
CREATE FAILOVER GROUP
ALTER FAILOVER GROUP
CREATE REPLICATION GROUP
ALTER REPLICATION GROUP