 error message:
A primary replication group with only database and/or share objects is in a Business Critical (or higher) account but one
or more of the accounts approved for replication are on lower editions. Business Critical Edition is intended for Snowflake
accounts with extremely sensitive data.
A primary replication or failover group with any
object types
is in a
Business Critical (or higher) account and a signed business associate agreement is in place to store PHI data in the account per HIPAA
and
HITRUST CSF
regulations. However, no such agreement is in place for one or more of the accounts
enabled for replication, regardless if they are Business Critical (or higher) accounts.
This behavior is implemented in an effort to help prevent account administrators for Business Critical (or higher) accounts from
inadvertently replicating sensitive data to accounts on lower editions.
An account administrator (a user with the ACCOUNTADMIN role) or a user with a role with the
CREATE REPLICATION GROUP/CREATE FAILOVER GROUP or OWNERSHIP privilege can override this default behavior by including the
IGNORE EDITION CHECK clause when executing the CREATE
<object>
or ALTER
<object>
statement. If IGNORE EDITION CHECK is set, the primary replication or failover group may be replicated to the specified accounts on
lower Snowflake editions in these specific scenarios.
Note
Failover groups can only be created in a Business Critical Edition (or higher) account. Therefore failover groups can
only
be
replicated to an account that is a Business Critical Edition (or higher) account.
Current limitations of replication
¶
Databases created from shares cannot be replicated.
Refresh operations fail if the primary database includes a stream with an unsupported source object.
The operation also fails if the source object for any stream has been dropped.
Append-only streams are not supported on replicated source objects.
Note
Database replication does not work for task graphs if the graph is owned by a different role than the role that performs replication.
On this page
Region support for replication and failover/failback
Replication groups and failover groups
Replication feature / edition matrix
Replicated objects
Database replication
External volume replication
Integration replication
Network policy replication
Parameter replication
Resource monitor replication
Role replication
Share replication
Backup replication for database, schema, and table backups
User replication
Warehouse replication
Workspace replication
Dataset replication
Cortex Search Service replication
Replication of