.e. changing or deleting data) written to tables in the primary database.
Note
The data retention period parameter,
DATA_RETENTION_TIME_IN_DAYS
, is only replicated to database objects in the secondary
database, not to the database itself. For more details about parameter replication, see
Parameters
.
Replication and materialized views
¶
In a primary database, Snowflake performs automatic background maintenance of materialized views. When a base table changes, all
materialized views defined on the table are updated by a background service that uses compute resources provided by Snowflake. In addition,
if Automatic Clustering is enabled for a materialized view, then the view is monitored and reclustered as necessary in a primary database.
A refresh operation replicates the materialized view
definitions
to a secondary database; the materialized view
data
is not
replicated. Automatic background maintenance of materialized views in a secondary database is enabled by default. If Automatic
Clustering is enabled for a materialized view in a primary database, automatic monitoring and reclustering of the materialized view in the
secondary database is also enabled.
Note
The charges for automated background synchronization of materialized views are billed to each account that contains a secondary
database.
Replication and Apache Iceberg™ tables
¶
Consider the following points when you use replication for Iceberg tables:
Snowflake currently supports replication of Snowflake-managed tables only.
Replicating converted Iceberg tables isn’t supported. Snowflake skips converted tables during refresh operations.
For replicated tables, you must configure access to a storage location in the
same region
as the target account.
If you drop or alter a storage location that is used for replication on the primary external volume, refresh operations might fail.
Secondary tables in the target account are read-only until you promote the target account to serve as the source account.
Snowflake maintains the
directory hierarchy
of the primary Iceberg table for the secondary table.
Replication costs apply for this feature. For more information, see
Understanding replication cost
.
For considerations about the account objects for replication and failover groups, see
Account objects
.
Replication and dynamic tables
¶
Dynamic table replication behavior varies based on whether the primary database containing the dynamic table is part
of a replication group or a failover group.
Dynamic tables and replication groups
¶
A database that contains a dynamic table can be replicated using a replication group. The source object(s)