Redirecting client connections
¶
Business Critical Feature
Requires Business Critical Edition (or higher). To inquire about upgrading, please contact
Snowflake Support
.
Client Redirect enables redirecting your client connections to Snowflake accounts in different
regions
without changing the connection settings for your application.
You can use Client Redirect in combination with the
account replication
feature for business continuity
and disaster recovery. You can also use Client Redirect to minimize changes needed in your application
settings when migrating your account to another region or cloud platform.
Introduction to Client Redirect
¶
Client Redirect is implemented through a Snowflake
connection
object. The connection object stores a secure
connection URL
that you use
with a Snowflake client to connect to Snowflake.
The hostname in the connection URL is composed of your organization name and the connection object name in addition to a common domain name:
organization_name
-
connection_name
.snowflakecomputing.com
Note that this hostname does not specify the account to which you are connecting. An account administrator determines the account to use by
designating the connection in that account to serve as the
primary connection
. When you use the connection URL to connect to Snowflake,
you are connecting to the account that contains the primary connection.
If an outage occurs in a region or cloud platform and the outage affects the account with the primary connection, the administrator can
promote a connection in a different account in a different region or cloud platform to serve as the primary connection.
Through this outage, you can continue to use the same connection URL to connect to Snowflake. Snowflake resolves the connection URL to the
account with the newly promoted connection (the account outside of the region or cloud platform affected by the outage).
Note
The Snowflake accounts that store the primary and secondary connections must be hosted in different
regions
.
Client Redirect flow
¶
Complete the steps in
Configuring Client Redirect
(in this topic) to create a connection URL for client connections. This
includes creating a primary connection and linked secondary connection(s).
Update Snowflake clients to connect using the connection URL.
Using a connection URL
(in this topic) contains a list of
supported clients and connection details.
In the event of a service outage in the region where the primary connection is located, complete the steps in
Redirecting client connections
(in this topic) to update the connection URL to redirect to a secondary connection.
When the outage is resolved, complete the steps in
