 are read-only. Changes to replicated objects or object types
cannot be made locally in a target account. For example, if the
USERS
object type is replicated from a source
account to a target account, new users cannot be created or modified in the target account.
New, local databases and shares
can
be created and modified in a target account. If
ROLES
are also replicated
to the target account, new roles cannot be created or modified in that target account. Therefore, privileges cannot be granted to (or revoked from)
a
role on a secondary object in the target account. However, privileges
can
be granted to (or revoked from) a secondary role on local
objects (for example, databases, shares, or replication or failover groups) created in the target account.
Replication and objects in target accounts
¶
If you created account objects, for example, users and roles, in your target account by
any means other than via replication
(for example,
using scripts), these users and roles have no global identifier by default. When a target account is refreshed from the source account, the
refresh operation
drops
any account objects of the types in the
OBJECT_TYPES
list in the target account that have no
global identifier.
Note
The initial refresh operation to replicate USERS or ROLES might result in an error. This is to help prevent accidental deletion of
data and metadata associated with users and roles. For more information about the circumstances that determine whether these
object types are dropped or the refresh operation fails, see
Initial replication of users and roles
.
To avoid dropping these objects, see
Apply global IDs to objects created by scripts in target accounts
.
Objects recreated in target accounts
¶
If an existing object in the source account is replaced using a CREATE OR REPLACE statement, the existing object is dropped, and then
a new object with the same name is created in a single transaction. For example, if you execute a CREATE OR REPLACE statement for an
existing table
t1
, table
t1
is dropped, and then a new table
t1
is created. For more information, see the
usage notes for CREATE TABLE
.
When objects are replaced on the target account, the DROP and CREATE statements do not execute atomically during a refresh operation.
This means the object might disappear briefly from the target account while it is being recreated as a new object.
Replication and