0
0 , 1
Considerations for using temporary and transient tables to manage storage costs
¶
When you choose whether to store data in permanent, temporary, or transient tables, consider the following details:
Temporary tables are dropped when the session in which they were created ends. Data stored in temporary tables is
not
recoverable after the table is dropped.
Historical data in transient tables
can’t
be recovered by Snowflake after the Time Travel retention period ends. Use transient tables
only
for data you can replicate or reproduce
independently from Snowflake.
Long-lived tables, such as fact tables, should
always
be defined as permanent to ensure they are fully protected by Fail-safe.
You can define short-lived tables as transient to eliminate Fail-safe costs. For example, you might use transient tables for data with a lifetime of less than 1 day, such as ETL work tables.
If downtime and the time required to reload lost data are factors, permanent tables, even with their added Fail-safe costs, might offer a better overall solution than transient tables.
Note
The default type for tables is permanent. To define a table as temporary or transient, you must explicitly specify the type during table creation:
CREATE
[
OR
REPLACE
]
[
TEMPORARY
|
TRANSIENT
]
TABLE
<name>
...
For more information, see
CREATE TABLE
.
Migrating data from permanent tables to transient tables
¶
Migrating data from permanent tables to transient tables involves performing the following tasks:
Use
CREATE TABLE … AS SELECT
to create and populate the transient tables with the data from the original, permanent tables.
Apply all access control privileges granted on the original tables to the new tables. For more information about access control, see
Overview of Access Control
.
Use
DROP TABLE
to delete the original tables.
Optionally, use
ALTER TABLE
to rename the new tables to match the original tables.
Cost for backups
¶
The following table describes charges for backups.
For information about credit consumption, see the
Snowflake Service Consumption Table
.
Cost component
Description
Billed
Backup compute
Snowflake-managed compute service generates scheduled backup creation and expiration.
Yes
Restore compute
Snowflake-managed warehouses are used to restore objects from backups.
Yes
Backup storage
Snowflake-managed cloud object storage to store backup data.
Billed for bytes retained for backups, similar to bytes retained for