Error notifications for replication and failover groups
¶
Standard & Business Critical Feature
Database and share replication are available to all accounts.
Replication of other account objects & failover/failback require Business Critical Edition (or higher).
To inquire about upgrading, please contact
Snowflake Support
.
You can receive error notifications for refresh operation failures by setting a notification integration for a primary replication
or failover group.
Error notifications for refresh operation failures
¶
When you enable error notifications for a replication or failover group, a notification is sent via the designated email, cloud messaging
service, or the webhook when a refresh operation fails.
Notifications includes the following information:
Source and target account names.
Source and target regions (and region group, if applicable).
Primary and secondary replication or failover group name.
Timestamp when the error occurred.
Error code and message.
Source and target login URL.
Error notifications and failover
¶
Notifications are enabled on the primary replication or failover group and sent using a notification integration. The
notification integration is not required to be replicated to the target account. In the case of failover, if the notification
integration has been replicated, or there is an existing notification integration with the same name, in the newly promoted
source account, error notifications continue to be sent.
If the notification integration is not available, error notifications are not sent for refresh operation failures.
Prerequisite: Notification integration for error notifications
¶
A notification integration is required to send error notifications. The notification integration must be one of the
following types to send email notifications on refresh operation failures:
TYPE = EMAIL
:
The email notification integration must have at least one verified email address in the DEFAULT_RECIPIENTS list.
For more information about creating an email notification with a default list of recipients, see
Specify a default list of recipients and a default subject line
.
TYPE = QUEUE
:
You can use a notification integration that is configured to push notifications to a messaging service for any of the
cloud providers supported by Snowflake. You must set the notification integration TYPE parameter to QUEUE and the DIRECTION
parameter to OUTBOUND.
For more information, see
Sending notifications to cloud provider queues (Amazon SNS, Google Cloud PubSub, and Azure Event Grid)
.
TYPE = WEBHOOK
:
You can use a notification integration that is configured to push notifications to a webhook for any of the external systems
supported by Snowflake. Set the notification integration TYPE parameter to