 making more backups of it by adding more backups to
the same backup set. In that case, the output of SHOW BACKUP SETS changes to reflect the OBJECT_NAME value of the
renamed object.
If you want to make backups of a table but you frequently drop and recreate that table, perhaps through CREATE OR REPLACE
statements, include it in a backup set for the schema or database that contains the table. That way, you can keep using
the same backup set regardless of changes to the table.
When you restore a table from a backup, the restored table starts with a different name than the original. Suppose that
you want to completely replace the contents of the original table with the backup data, and continue to use the same backup set
for more backups of that same table. In that case, use a TRUNCATE or DELETE statement to remove the contents of the original table,
and an INSERT … SELECT statement to copy the data from the restored table. Don’t drop the original table and rename the restored table
to the name of the original table.
Backups and encryption
¶
The data within backup sets is protected by the same end-to-end encryption as other Snowflake objects and table data.
For more information about Snowflake encryption, see
Understanding end-to-end encryption in Snowflake
.
Key rotation also applies to the data within backups.
Backups and data lineage
¶
Snowflake doesn’t preserve
data lineage
metadata with database, schema, and table
backups. After you restore an object from a backup, you can’t use Snowsight to view lineage information for the
restored data.
Cost for backups
¶
The following table describes charges for backups.
For information about credit consumption, see the
Snowflake Service Consumption Table
.
Cost component
Description
Billed
Backup compute
Snowflake-managed compute service generates scheduled backup creation and expiration.
Yes
Restore compute
Snowflake-managed warehouses are used to restore objects from backups.
Yes
Backup storage
Snowflake-managed cloud object storage to store backup data.
Billed for bytes retained for backups, similar to bytes retained for clones.
You can monitor costs for backup storage in the
TABLE_STORAGE_METRICS
view using the
RETAINED_FOR_CLONE_BYTES
column, and in the
BACKUP_STORAGE_USAGE
view.
Access control privileges
¶
The following table lists privileges and the object type on which the privilege is granted for managing and using