 the event table is local
to your Snowflake account, and Snowflake does not support replicating event tables.
Replication groups
When you add the database(s) that contain your DMFs to a replication group, the following occurs in the target account:
DMFs are replicated from the source account.
Tables or views that the
DMF definition
specifies, such as with a
foreign key reference
are replicated from the source account, unless the table
or view is associated with
Cross-Cloud Auto-Fulfillment
.
Scheduled DMFs in the target account are suspended. The secondary DMFs resume their schedule when you promote the target account to
source account and the secondary DMFs become primary DMFs.
Failover groups
When you replicate the database(s) that contain your DMFs using a failover group, the following occurs in the case of failover:
Resumes the schedule of suspended DMFs when you promote the target account to source account.
Suspends scheduled DMFs in the target account after you promote a different account to source account.
If you do not replicate the database that contains the DMF to a target account, the DMF associations to a table or view are
dropped when the target account is promoted to source account because they are not available in the
newly promoted source account.
Tip
Prior to failing over your account,
check the DMF references
by calling the
DATA_METRIC_FUNCTION_REFERENCES Information Schema table function to determine the table objects that are associated with a DMF
before the promotion and refresh operations.
Replication of stored procedures and user-defined functions (UDFs)
¶
Stored procedures and UDFs are replicated from a primary database to secondary databases.
Stored Procedures and UDFs and Stages
¶
If a stored procedure or UDF depends on files in a stage (for example, if the stored
procedure is defined in Python code that is uploaded from a stage), you must replicate the stage and its files to the secondary
database. For more information about replicating stages, see
Stage, pipe, and load history replication
.
For example, if a primary database has an in-line Python UDF that imports any code that is stored on a stage, the UDF does not work unless
the stage and its imported code are replicated in the secondary database.
Stored Procedures and UDFs and External Network Access
¶
If a stored procedure or UDF depends on access to an
