 policy.
ALTER
FAILOVER
GROUP
fg
REFRESH
;
Copy
Verify the network policy object exists by executing a SHOW NETWORK POLICIES command, and verify the Snowflake OAuth security
integration specifies the replicated network policy by executing a DESCRIBE SECURITY INTEGRATION command on the security integration.
Verify the network policy activation as shown in
Identify an activated network policy
.
Verify connecting to each Snowflake account using the Snowflake OAuth client of your choice.
Optionally promote the secondary failover group and the secondary connection in the target account to primary. This will promote the
target account to serve as the new source account.
Failover group:
ALTER
FAILOVER
GROUP
fg
PRIMARY
;
Copy
Connection:
ALTER
CONNECTION
global
PRIMARY
;
Copy
If you completed the previous step, reverify that you can connect to each Snowflake account using the Snowflake OAuth client of your
choice.
Replicating integrations and objects for the Snowflake Connector for ServiceNow
¶
The
Snowflake Connector for ServiceNow
allows Snowflake to ingest data from ServiceNow. The connector requires the following objects in
your Snowflake account:
Secret.
Security integration of
type
=
api_authentication
.
API integration.
Database to store the ingested data.
Warehouse for the connector to use.
Account roles to manage the access to these objects.
You create these objects prior to installing the connector and you can replicate these objects to the target account. After replicating
these objects, you can install the connector in the target account. The connector must be installed in the target account because the
installation depends on a share that Snowflake provides. You need to create a database from the share during the connector installation and
you cannot replicate a database that is created from a share.
Depending on how you want to manage the replication of account objects, you can have one or more replication or failover groups. A single
replication group centralizes the replication management of the objects and avoids scenarios where some objects are replicated and other
objects are not replicated. Otherwise, you must coordinate the replication operation carefully to ensure that all objects are replicated to
the target account.
For example, you can have a replication group for databases. This replication group (e.g.
rg1
) specifies the database that contains the
secret and the database to store the ServiceNow data. The other replication group (e.g.
rg