Understanding replication cost
¶
Standard & Business Critical Feature
Database and share replication are available to all accounts.
Replication of other account objects & failover/failback require Business Critical Edition (or higher).
To inquire about upgrading, please contact
Snowflake Support
.
Charges based on replication are divided into two categories: data transfer and compute resources. Both categories are billed on the
target account (i.e. the account that stores the secondary database or secondary replication/failover group that is refreshed).
Data transfer
:
The initial replication and subsequent synchronization operations transfer data between regions. Cloud providers charge for
data transferred from one region to another within their own network.
The data transfer rate is determined by the location of the source account (i.e. the account that stores the primary replication
or failover group). For data transfer pricing, see the
Snowflake Service Consumption Table
.
For more information, see
Understanding data transfer cost
.
Compute resources
:
Replication operations use Snowflake-provided compute resources for the following:
To determine the delta of both metadata and data to be copied during the refresh operation.
To copy the data between accounts across regions.
The service type for compute costs for replication in the
account usage
and
organization usage
views is REPLICATION.
For more information, see
Understanding compute cost
.
Note
The target account also incurs standard storage costs for the data in each secondary database in the account.
The target account also incurs costs for the automatic background processes that service
materialized views
and
search optimization
. For details, see the “Serverless
Feature Credit Table” in the
Snowflake Service Consumption Table
for the costs per compute hour.
Replication charges are applied even if the initial replication or a refresh operation doesn’t succeed. Any data that is copied
before the initial replication or refresh operation fails can be reused by a subsequent refresh operation (if performed within 14 days)
and doesn’t need to be copied again.
Estimating and controlling costs
¶
In general, monthly billing for replication is proportional to:
Amount of table data in the primary database, or databases in a replication/failover group, that changes as a result of data loading
or DML operations.
Frequency of secondary database, or replication/failover group, refreshes from the primary database or replication/failover group.
You can control the cost of replication by carefully choosing which databases or objects to replicate and their