 deleted by the attacker, even if they gain access to the account by using the ACCOUNTADMIN or ORGADMIN roles.
Key concepts
¶
This section provides an overview of the key concepts for backups in Snowflake.
Backup
¶
A
backup
represents a point-in-time snapshot of an object.
The object can be a single table, a schema, or an entire database.
A specific backup can be identified by a unique ID generated by Snowflake.
A backup can’t be modified. It can, however, be deleted, and the backup expiration period can be modified
(unless a
retention lock
is applied).
During day-to-day operations, you rarely interact with individual backups. Instead, you manage the
backup sets
that contain
them. For example, you get a list of backups by running the SHOW BACKUPS IN BACKUP SET command. You create a new backup by
running an ALTER BACKUP SET command.
Backup set
¶
A
backup set
is a schema-level object that contains a set of backups for a specific database, schema, or table.
Snowflake has SQL commands to CREATE, ALTER, DROP, SHOW, and DESCRIBE backup sets.
You can have multiple backup sets for the same object.
The life cycle of the backups within a set is determined by an optional
backup policy
that you can attach to the backup set.
You can also add or delete backups manually in a backup set. Your ability to delete backups is affected by
other factors, in particular
retention lock
and
legal hold
.
Backup policy
¶
A
backup policy
is a schema-level object that contains the settings that define the life cycle of the backups within a backup
set. These settings include schedule, expiration, and retention lock.
The
schedule
determines when backups are created. The schedule can be defined as
an interval in minutes, or as a cron expression.
For example, if the schedule is set to one hour, a backup of the object is taken every 60 minutes.
The
expiration period
is the length of time the backup is valid. After a backup expires,
Snowflake deletes it automatically, unless a legal hold is applied to that particular backup.
Tip
If the backup set doesn’t have a retention lock and the particular backup doesn’t have a legal
hold applied, you can delete the backup manually before the end of the expiration period.
You can manually delete backups one