
parameter by the owner of the object.
Both the grantee and grantor role for a privilege grant are located in the target account.
The object is replicated (i.e. the object type is included in the
object_types
list).
Otherwise the grant on the object is not replicated.
For information about replicating secondary roles and session policies, see
Session policies with secondary roles
.
Note
If a role is dropped that has the OWNERSHIP privilege on an active pipe in the target account, the refresh operation
fails.
Privileges on replication groups and failover groups are
not
replicated. If the REPLICATE or FAILOVER privilege has been granted on replication groups or failover groups, these
privileges need to be granted in both the source
and
target accounts. Refer to
Replication privileges
for details on these privileges.
Grants for database objects
¶
If
roles
and
databases
are replicated to a target account (in the same or different replication or
failover group), refreshing a secondary database synchronizes the privilege grants on the database and the objects in the database
(schemas, tables, views, etc.) to existing roles in the target account (i.e. roles that have been replicated to the target account).
Note that only privilege grants on objects supported by database replication are synchronized. For the list of supported objects,
see
Replicated database objects
.
External tables are not currently supported for replication. As a result, privilege grants on external tables are
also not replicated.
Future grants for objects
¶
If roles are replicated to the target account,
future grants
that are granted at the
database or schema level are replicated to the target account. This also includes future grants on non-replication supported objects. For
example, external table replication is not yet supported, however future grants on external tables are replicated.
When you create an external table in a target account, the privileges granted on future external tables materialize as intended.
Object creation and ownership
¶
If new objects are created in a target account during a refresh from the source account, and roles are not replicated to the target
account, the OWNERSHIP privilege for the new objects is granted to the GLOBALORGADMIN role.
If roles are replicated to the target account, the OWNERSHIP privilege is granted to the same role on the target account as the
role with the OWNERSHIP privilege in the source account when roles