Monitoring replication and failover
¶
Standard & Business Critical Feature
Database and share replication are available to all accounts.
Replication of other account objects & failover/failback require Business Critical Edition (or higher).
To inquire about upgrading, please contact
Snowflake Support
.
This topic provides information on how to monitor account replication progress, history, and costs.
Use Snowsight to monitor replication
¶
To monitor the replication progress and status for
replication and failover groups
in an
organization, use the
Replication
page in Snowsight.
You can view the status and details of refresh operations, including:
Current status of the most recent refresh operation.
Replica lag time (time since the last refresh operation).
Distribution of replica lag times across groups.
Date and time of the next scheduled refresh operation.
Note
Snowsight lists the replication and failover groups for which your role has the MONITOR, OWNERSHIP, or REPLICATE privilege on.
Refresh operation details are only available to users with the ACCOUNTADMIN role or the OWNERSHIP privilege on the group.
You must be signed in to the source or target account to view refresh operation details. If you are not, you will be prompted to sign in.
Both the source account and the target account must use the same connection type (public internet). Otherwise, signing in to
the target account fails.
Currently, if your account uses private connectivity, you can’t use Snowsight to create or modify groups or connection
objects. However, you can use Snowsight to monitor groups that were created using SQL.
To view the replication status of each replication or failover group, complete the following steps:
Sign in to
Snowsight
.
In the navigation menu, select
Admin
»
Accounts
.
Select
Replication
and then select
Groups
.
The
Groups
page displays
refresh operation details
for all the groups for which your
role has a privilege to view. You can use the tiles to filter the view.
For example, if the
Status
tile indicates there are failed refresh operations, you can select the tile to investigate the group(s)
with failures.
The lag time in the
Longest Replication lag
tile refers to the duration of time since the last refresh operation. This is the
length of time that the secondary replication or failover group
lags
behind the primary group. The longest lag time is the
