 are replicated in the suspended state to each target account
and can be resumed in the target account.
Workspace replication
¶
Preview Feature
— Open
Available to all accounts.
Requires Business Critical Edition (or higher). To inquire about upgrading, please contact
Snowflake Support
.
Shared workspaces
are replicated when they are included in a database that is part of a
replication or failover group. Private workspaces are replicated when their owning users are replicated. In secondary (target) accounts,
replicated content is read-only; Workspace files (including SQL files, Notebook files, and so on) are executable but cannot be edited.
Dataset replication
¶
Account replication supports replicating Datasets. Datasets are materialized data objects that you use with Snowflake ML.
For usage information, see
Snowflake Datasets
.
Replication is supported for Datasets created starting with the General Availability of the Dataset replication feature.
For the release announcement, see
Mar 20, 2025: Snowflake Datasets (General availability)
.
Cortex Search Service replication
¶
Business Critical Feature
Requires Business Critical Edition (or higher).
The feature supports replicating Cortex Search Services.
For more information, see
Replicate a Cortex Search Service
.
Replication of roles and grants
¶
Business Critical Feature
Requires Business Critical Edition (or higher).
In order to replicate grants on objects to roles, roles must be replicated from the source account to the target account. To
replicate roles in a replication or failover group, you must include
roles
in the
object_types
list. Roles can be in a
separate replication or failover group from the data objects on which the privileges are granted.
When
roles
are replicated, grants on objects are
only
replicated to a target account if:
The privilege was granted by the owner of the object or indirectly by a role that was granted the privilege with the
WITH GRANT OPTION
parameter by the owner of the object.
Both the grantee and grantor role for a privilege grant are located in the target account.
The object is replicated (i.e. the object type is included in the
object_types
list).
Otherwise the grant on the object is not replicated.
For information about replicating secondary roles and session policies, see
Session policies with secondary roles
.
Note
If a role is dropped that has the OWNERSHIP privilege on an active pipe in the target