over group was previously configured for database replication.
Solution
Disable database replication for the database. See
Transitioning from database replication to group-based replication
.
You cannot add a share to a group
¶
Error
Share '<share_name>' is already configured to replicate to
account '<account_name>' by replication group '<group_name>'.
Cause
A share can only be in one replication or failover group. One of the shares you selected for the group is already included
in another replication or failover group.
Solution
Choose
Select Objects
and unselect any share(s) that are already included in another group.
Limitations of using Snowsight for replication configuration
¶
Only a user with the ACCOUNTADMIN role can create a replication or failover group using Snowsight. A user with a role with the
CREATE REPLICATION GROUP or CREATE FAILOVER GROUP privilege can create a group using the respective SQL commands.
Only a user with the ACCOUNTADMIN role can edit or drop a replication or failover group using Snowsight. A user with a role
with the OWNERSHIP privilege on a replication or failover group can edit and drop groups using the respective SQL commands.
If your account uses private connectivity, you can’t use Snowsight to create, modify, or drop groups. You can use SQL
to complete these actions.
On this page
Region support for replication and failover/failback
Transitioning from database replication to group-based replication
Workflow
Replicating account objects and databases
Schema-level replication for failover groups
Apply global IDs to objects created by scripts in target accounts
Configure cloud storage access for secondary storage integrations
Configure automated refresh for directory tables on secondary stages
Configure notifications for secondary auto-ingest pipes
Updating the remote service for API integrations
Comparing data sets in primary and secondary databases
Modifying a replication or failover group in a source account
Pause or resume a replication schedule in a target account
Dropping a secondary replication or failover group
Dropping a primary replication or failover group
Troubleshoot issues with creating and editing replication groups using Snowsight
Limitations of using Snowsight for replication configuration
Related content
Introduction to replication and failover across multiple accounts
Replication considerations