PLICATE privilege was not granted to the user, the refresh operation fails.
Replication schedule
¶
As a best practice, Snowflake recommends scheduling automatic refreshes using the REPLICATION_SCHEDULE parameter. The schedule can be
defined when creating a new replication or failover group with CREATE
<object>
or later (using ALTER
<object>
).
When you create a secondary replication or failover group, Snowflake automatically executes an initial refresh. The next refresh is
scheduled based on when the prior refresh started and the scheduling interval, or the next valid time based on the cron expression. For
example, if the refresh schedule interval is 10 minutes and the prior refresh operation (either a scheduled refresh or manually triggered
refresh) starts at 12:01, the next refresh is scheduled for 12:11.
Snowflake ensures only one refresh is executed at any given time. If a refresh is still executing when the next refresh is scheduled, the
next refresh is delayed to start when the currently executing refresh completes. For example, if a refresh is scheduled to execute 15
minutes after the hour, every hour, and the prior refresh completes at 12:16, the next refresh is scheduled to execute when the previously
executing refresh is completed.
Note
Automatically scheduled refresh operations are executed using the role with the OWNERSHIP privilege on the replication
or failover group. If a scheduled refresh operation fails due to insufficient privileges, grant the required privileges
to the role with the OWNERSHIP privilege on the group.
Suspend and resume scheduled replication
¶
A secondary failover group cannot be promoted to the primary group while a refresh is executing. To fail over gracefully, suspend scheduled
replication in the target account. After the failover is completed, resume the scheduled replication. For more information,
see
ALTER FAILOVER GROUP
.
Replication to accounts on lower editions
¶
If either of the following conditions is true, Snowflake displays an error message:
A primary replication group with only database and/or share objects is in a Business Critical (or higher) account but one
or more of the accounts approved for replication are on lower editions. Business Critical Edition is intended for Snowflake
accounts with extremely sensitive data.
A primary replication or failover group with any
object types
is in a
Business Critical (or higher) account and a signed business associate agreement is in place to store PHI data in the account per HIPAA
and