 update your OCSP settings to point to the private endpoint IP
address or private endpoint ID value.
For example:
myaccount1.us-west-2.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com.
ocsp.myaccount1.us-west-2.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com.
Copy
Alternatively, use the organization and account name URL.
For example:
myorg-myaccount1.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com.
ocsp.myorg-myaccount1.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com.
Copy
Note the trailing period, which must be included.
Users connect to Snowflake using the following connection URL format:
organization_name
-
connection_name
.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com
Where:
organization_name
Name of your Snowflake organization. The Snowflake accounts that your users connect to are contained in this organization.
connection_name
Name of the connection object.
For more information, see:
Using a connection URL
(in this topic).
Modifying the DNS settings for private connectivity to the Snowflake service
(in this topic).
Configuring Client Redirect and reader accounts
¶
If you are a data provider with
reader accounts
, you can use Client Redirect
to provide continued access to shared data in the event of a service outage. The configuration steps for creating connections are
the same as those described in the
Configuring Client Redirect
section for source and target reader accounts:
Create two reader accounts. Each reader account must be in a different region.
Create a primary connection
in the source reader account. Enable failover to the other reader account.
Create a secondary connection in each target account
in the reader account that you enabled for failover from the source account.
Share the connection URL with your data consumers.
If a service outage occurs,
redirect client connections
. Data consumers using the
connection URL to connect to your reader account now connect to the newly promoted source reader account.
Using a connection URL
¶
This section provides instructions for referencing a connection URL in the configuration for various Snowflake clients.
Supported Snowflake clients
¶
Client Redirect is supported by
Snowsight
and
Classic Console
.
In addition, the following Snowflake client versions (and higher) support Client Redirect:
Snowflake Client
Minimum Supported Version
Snowflake CLI
3.0.0
SnowSQL
1.1.82
Snowflake Connector for Python
1.8.3
Snowflake Connector for Spark
