 hosted and the support for AWS PrivateLink, Azure
Private Link, or Google Cloud Private Service Connect. This is the account name where client connections to the connection URL will now
redirect. Be sure to include the private connectivity OCSP URL when updating the DNS settings.
For example:
myaccount1.us-east-1.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com.
ocsp.myaccount1.us-east-1.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com.
Copy
(Note the trailing period, which must be included.)
Note
You can configure private connectivity and client redirect to work with Snowsight. Ensure your DNS updates include the Snowsight
values from the output of the SYSTEM$GET_PRIVATELINK_CONFIG function. For details, refer to
private connectivity and Snowsight
.
Verifying the connection URL is updated
¶
To verify the connection URL has been updated, you can confirm the region of your current connection. Use the connection URL to connect to
Snowflake and execute the
CURRENT_REGION
function.
SELECT
CURRENT_REGION
();
Copy
Modifying a connection
¶
You can edit the target accounts for a connection after creating it using Snowsight or SQL.
Modify target accounts for a connection using Snowsight
¶
You can modify the target account for a connection after creating it, but you cannot change the connection name.
Note
To edit a connection, you must be signed in as a user with the ACCOUNTADMIN role to the following accounts:
The source account with the primary connection.
The current target account with the secondary connection.
The new target account you want to add for the primary connection.
You can only add one target account for a primary connection using Snowsight. To add additional
target accounts,
use the ALTER CONNECTION command
.
Currently, if your account uses private connectivity, you can’t use Snowsight to modify target
accounts for a connection.
Sign in to
Snowsight
.
In the navigation menu, select
Admin
»
Accounts
.
Select
Client Redirect
.
Locate the connection you want to edit. Select the
More
menu (
…
) in the last column of the row.
Modify target accounts for a connection using SQL
¶
You can add more than one target account for a primary connection using the
ALTER CONNECTION
command.
For an example, see
Examples
.
Dropping a connection
¶
You can drop a connection using Snowsight or SQL.
