 objects from backups.
Yes
Backup storage
Snowflake-managed cloud object storage to store backup data.
Billed for bytes retained for backups, similar to bytes retained for clones.
You can monitor costs for backup storage in the
TABLE_STORAGE_METRICS
view using the
RETAINED_FOR_CLONE_BYTES
column, and in the
BACKUP_STORAGE_USAGE
view.
Access control privileges
¶
The following table lists privileges and the object type on which the privilege is granted for managing and using backups.
Privilege
Object type
Description
CREATE BACKUP POLICY
Schema
Grants the ability to create a backup policy in a schema. The role granting this privilege must also have the USAGE
privilege on the schema.
CREATE BACKUP SET
Schema
Grants the ability to create a backup set in a schema. The role granting this privilege must also have the USAGE
privilege on the schema. To actually create the backup set also requires the appropriate privilege on the object that’s the
subject of the backup set: SELECT for a table backup, or USAGE for a schema backup or database backup.
APPLY
Backup policy
Grants the ability to apply a specific backup policy. Only a user with the ACCOUNTADMIN role can grant this privilege.
APPLY BACKUP RETENTION LOCK
Account
Grants the ability to create and apply backup policies with retention lock. This privilege is granted to the ACCOUNTADMIN
role and can be delegated.
This privilege is required to enable a role to do the following:
Create a backup policy with retention lock.
Apply a backup policy with retention lock on a backup set.
Create a backup, either manually by a user or automatically on a schedule, in a backup set protected by a policy
with retention lock.
APPLY LEGAL HOLD
Account
Grants the ability to add or remove a legal hold from a backup. By default, the ACCOUNTADMIN role has this privilege.
The following privilege requirements apply when Snowflake automatically creates or expires backups in the background.
The owner of the backup set needs to have the following privileges:
The appropriate privilege on the object that’s the subject of the backup set: SELECT for a table
backup, or USAGE for a schema backup or database backup.
Any privilege on the parent schema or database for the subject of the backup set.
Any privilege on the parent schema and database of the backup set.
If any of those privileges are missing, the automatic backup creation or expiration fails. You can
monitor