 information, see
Configure cloud storage access for secondary storage integrations
.
If you replicate an external stage with a directory table, and you have configured
automated refresh
for the source
directory table, you must configure automated refresh for the
secondary
directory table before failover. For more information,
see
Configure automated refresh for directory tables on secondary stages
.
A copy command might take longer than expected if the directory table on a replicated stage is not consistent with the
replicated files on the stage. To make a directory table consistent, refresh it with an
ALTER STAGE … REFRESH
statement.
To check the consistency status of a directory table, use the
SYSTEM$GET_DIRECTORY_TABLE_STATUS
function.
Replication and pipes
¶
The following constraints apply to pipe objects:
Snowflake currently supports pipe replication as part of group-based replication (replication and failover groups).
Pipe replication is not supported for database replication.
Snowflake replicates the copy history of a pipe only when the pipe belongs to the same replication group as its target table.
Replication of notification integrations is not supported.
Snowflake only replicates load history after the latest table truncate.
To receive notifications, you must configure a secondary auto-ingest pipe in a target account
prior to failover
.
For more information, see
Configure notifications for secondary auto-ingest pipes
.
Use the
SYSTEM$PIPE_STATUS
function to resolve any pipes not in their expected execution state after failover.
Snowflake doesn’t support replication and failover for Snowpipe with the Kafka connector, but Snowflake does support replication and failover for Snowpipe Streaming with the Kafka connector. For more information, see
Snowpipe Streaming and the Kafka connector
.
Replication of data metric functions (DMFs)
¶
The following behaviors apply to
DMF
replication:
Event tables
The event table that stores the results of manually calling or scheduling a DMF to run is not replicated because the event table is local
to your Snowflake account, and Snowflake does not support replicating event tables.
Replication groups
When you add the database(s) that contain your DMFs to a replication group, the following occurs in the target account:
DMFs are replicated from the source account.
Tables or views that the
DMF definition
specifies, such as with a
foreign key reference
are replicated from the source account, unless the table
or view is associated with
