 for any of the
cloud providers supported by Snowflake. You must set the notification integration TYPE parameter to QUEUE and the DIRECTION
parameter to OUTBOUND.
For more information, see
Sending notifications to cloud provider queues (Amazon SNS, Google Cloud PubSub, and Azure Event Grid)
.
TYPE = WEBHOOK
:
You can use a notification integration that is configured to push notifications to a webhook for any of the external systems
supported by Snowflake. Set the notification integration TYPE parameter to WEBHOOK. You may also need to create a secret
(if required by the external system).
For more information, see
Sending webhook notifications
.
Create a notification integration (TYPE = EMAIL)
¶
To create an email notification integration named
my_notification_int
with email address
first.last@example.com
, follow
these steps:
Ensure that the email address
first.last@example.com
has been verified
.
Create the notification integration by executing the
CREATE NOTIFICATION INTEGRATION
command. For example:
CREATE
NOTIFICATION
INTEGRATION
my_notification_int
TYPE
=
EMAIL
ENABLED
=
TRUE
DEFAULT_RECIPIENTS
=
(
'first.last@example.com'
);
Copy
Create a notification integration (TYPE = QUEUE)
¶
To create a notification integration for pushing notifications to a cloud provider queue, follow the instructions provided for the
currently supported cloud provider queues:
Creating a notification integration to send notifications to an Amazon SNS topic
Creating a notification integration to send notifications to a Microsoft Azure Event Grid topic
Creating a notification integration to send notifications to a Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic
Create a notification integration (TYPE = WEBHOOK)
¶
To create a notification integration for pushing notifications to an external system webhook, follow the instructions provided for
the currently supported external system webhooks:
Creating a
Slack secret
and
Slack notification integration
Creating a
Microsoft Teams secret
and
Microsoft Teams notification integration
Creating a
PagerDuty secret
and
PagerDuty notification integration
Important
The webhook notification integration must specify the WEBHOOK_BODY_TEMPLATE parameter with
SNOWFLAKE_WEBHOOK_MESSAGE
as a placeholder value. When the notification is sent, the placeholder is replaced with the contents of the replication
error notification, as described in
Error notifications for refresh operation failures
.
The format for specifying WEBHOOK_BODY_TEMPLATE depends on the external system:
For Slack or Microsoft Teams, WEBHOOK_BODY_TEMPLATE utilizes the following single