Backups for disaster recovery and immutable storage
¶
Standard & Business Critical Feature
Backups are available for all Snowflake editions.
Backups with retention lock and backups with legal holds are available for Business Critical Edition (or higher).
To inquire about upgrading, please contact
Snowflake Support
.
Backups help organizations protect critical data against modification or deletion.
Backups represent discrete snapshots of Snowflake objects. You choose which objects to back up, how frequently to
back them up, how long to keep the backups, and whether to add a retention lock so that they can’t
be deleted prematurely.
Use cases for Snowflake backups
¶
The following use cases are typical applications of backups:
Regulatory compliance
:
Backups with retention lock help organizations, financial institutions, and
related industries address regulations that require records to be retained in an immutable format.
Note
Snowflake has engaged Cohasset Associates to perform an independent assessment of our Backups
feature for compliance with key regulatory recordkeeping requirements, including SEC 17a-4(f),
SEC 18a-6(e), FINRA Rule 4511(c), and CFTC Rule 1.31(c)-(d). This Cohasset assessment provides
independent, third-party verification that Snowflake’s immutable storage controls support the
creation, protection, and retention of data, and provides customers with confidence that
Snowflake meets critical industry standards for regulated data retention subject to the
evaluated regulations.
For the full compliance report that applies to Snowflake backups with retention lock,
see
the Snowflake Compliance Center
.
Recovery
:
Backups help organizations create discrete snapshots to protect and recover business-critical data
in case of accidental modifications or deletions.
Cyber resilience
:
Backups with retention lock are part of an overall cyber-resilience strategy. They help organizations
protect business-critical data during cyber attacks, especially ransomware attacks. The retention lock ensures that this data
can’t be deleted by the attacker, even if they gain access to the account by using the ACCOUNTADMIN or ORGADMIN roles.
Key concepts
¶
This section provides an overview of the key concepts for backups in Snowflake.
Backup
¶
A
backup
represents a point-in-time snapshot of an object.
The object can be a single table, a schema, or an entire database.
A specific backup can be identified by a unique ID generated by Snowflake.
A backup can’t be modified