 schema, and two table backup
sets for a specific table. An object might still appear in more than two backup sets. For example,
a table might have one or two associated table backup sets. The same table might also be included
in one or two schema backup sets, and one or two database backup sets.
Comparison of backups with other disaster recovery and business continuity features
¶
Backups provide the following advantages that are different from other Snowflake business continuity and disaster recovery
features, such as replication and Time Travel:
You can enable long-term retention for backups. Long-term retention helps with recovery, regulatory compliance,
and cyber resilience against threats such as ransomware or insider attacks.
Retention lock ensures that backups can’t be deleted by any user, including account administrators.
You can schedule backups on a different timeframe than you use for other data transfer operations, such as
replication refreshes.
You can backup and restore individual table objects, or container objects such as entire schemas or databases.
You can prevent the retention time for backups from being reduced after the backup is taken, by using a backup
policy that includes a retention lock. That’s different from the Time Travel feature, where you can reduce the
retention interval to zero.
Unlike Time Travel and Fail-safe, backups preserve data from more types of objects than just tables and table data.
The speed and storage efficiency of taking backups is similar to the zero-copy mechanism used for cloning.
The way all backups for the same object are grouped into backup sets makes management simpler than if
you used clones to implement your own backup mechanism. For example, you don’t have to manage large numbers of
objects, devise a naming scheme to keep track of the cloned objects, or implement a scheduling mechanism to delete
old clones. Also, unlike with cloned objects, backups can’t be modified after you create them.
Each backup represents a single table, schema, or a database as of the specified point in time.
backups don’t include account-level objects such as users or roles.
Some kinds of tables and other database-level objects aren’t included in schema and database backups.
For more information, see
backup objects
.
Backup-related objects are stored in the same cloud service provider (CSP) region as the associated database, schema, or
table. For business continuity and disaster recovery scenarios, you typically combine backups with Snowflake account
replication. That way, all the backup sets and backup policies can be replicated to a different region