Replication considerations
¶
Standard & Business Critical Feature
Database and share replication are available to all accounts.
Replication of other account objects & failover/failback require Business Critical Edition (or higher).
To inquire about upgrading, please contact
Snowflake Support
.
This topic describes the behavior of certain Snowflake features in secondary databases and objects when replicated with
replication or failover groups
or
database replication
, and provides general guidance for working with replicated
objects and data.
If you have previously enabled database replication for individual databases using the ALTER DATABASE … ENABLE REPLICATION TO ACCOUNTS
command, see
Database replication considerations
for additional considerations specific to database replication.
Replication group and failover group constraints
¶
The following sections explain the constraints around adding account objects, databases, and shares to replication and failover groups.
Database and share objects
¶
The following constraints apply to database and share objects:
An object can only be in one failover group.
An object can be in multiple replication groups as long as each group is replicated to a
different
target account.
An object cannot be in both a failover group and a replication group.
Secondary (replica) objects cannot be added to a primary replication or failover group.
You can only replicate outbound shares. Replication of
inbound shares
(shares from providers)
is
not
supported.
Account objects
¶
An account can only have one replication or failover group that contains objects
other than
databases or shares.
Replication privileges
¶
This section describes the replication privileges that are available to be granted to roles to specify the operations users can perform on
replication and failover group objects in the system. For the syntax of the GRANT command, see
GRANT <privileges> … TO ROLE
.
Note
For
database replication
, only a user with the ACCOUNTADMIN role can enable
and manage database replication and failover. For additional information on required privileges for database replication,
see the
required privileges table
in
Step 6. Refreshing a secondary database on a schedule
.
Privilege
Object
Usage
Notes
OWNERSHIP
Replication Group
Failover Group
Grants the ability to delete, alter, and grant or revoke access to an object.
Can be granted by:
The ACCOUNTADMIN role
or
A role that has the MANAGE GRANTS privilege
or
A role that has the