.
If this column contains
destinations available
, there are no secondary replication or failover groups.
The number of destinations available indicates the number of target accounts the primary group can be replicated to.
Status
Displays the status of the latest refresh operation.
You must be signed in to the source or target account in order to access replication details.
If you are not signed in, select
Sign in
to view refresh operation status for the secondary group.
Both the source account and the target account must use the same connection type (public internet). Otherwise, signing in
to the target account fails.
Replication Lag
The length of time since the last refresh operation. This is the length of time that the secondary replication group “lags” behind
the primary replication group.
Next Refresh
The date and time of the next scheduled refresh operation.
You can select a replication or failover group to view detailed information about each refresh operation. For more information, see
the section on replication history in Snowsight
.
Monitor the progress of refresh operations
¶
This section provides information on how to monitor replication progress for a specific replication or failover group using either
Snowsight or SQL.
Use Snowsight to monitor the progress of refresh operations
¶
You can view the status of a refresh operation in progress and the details of historical refresh operations using Snowsight.
Sign in to
Snowsight
.
In the navigation menu, select
Admin
»
Accounts
.
Select
Replication
, select
Groups
.
Select the name of a replication or failover group.
Tip
If your account uses private connectivity, you can still use Snowsight to monitor groups.
Although creating or modifying groups or connection objects through Snowsight isn’t currently available
with private connectivity, Snowsight can monitor the groups that you create using SQL.
For more information about the detailed view, see
the section on replication history in Snowsight
.
Use SQL to monitor the progress of refresh operations
¶
To monitor the progress of a replication or failover group refresh, query the
REPLICATION_GROUP_REFRESH_PROGRESS, REPLICATION_GROUP_REFRESH_PROGRESS_BY_JOB, REPLICATION_GROUP_REFRESH_PROGRESS_ALL
table function (in the
Snowflake Information Schema
).
Example
¶
View the progress of the most recent refresh operation for the failover group
myfg
:
SELECT
phase_name
,
start_time
,
end_time
,
progress
,
details
