 replicated:
The
notify_users
list for a warehouse-level resource monitor is replicated to target accounts.
Email notifications for non-administrator users
are sent
on the target account.
If
resource
monitors
is included in the
object_types
list for the replication or failover group, but
users
is not included, the
notify_users
list for a secondary warehouse-level resource monitor is empty.
Account administrator notification settings are
not
replicated:
An account administrator must
enable email notifications
in each account using the web interface.
Resource monitor notifications are sent to account administrators if they have enabled email notifications in the source and/or
target accounts.
Role replication
¶
Business Critical Feature
Requires Business Critical Edition (or higher).
This feature supports replicating roles, including role hierarchies. Role objects must be replicated to replicate access privileges.
Replicated access privileges are listed in
Replication of roles and grants
below.
Note
All roles are replicated.
Share replication
¶
This feature supports replication of share objects as well as access privileges granted to shares on database objects.
Replication of
inbound shares
(shares from providers) is
not
supported.
Backup replication for database, schema, and table backups
¶
The Snowflake
backups
feature lets you encapsulate a series of backups for a specific database,
schema, or table inside an object known as a backup set. You can optionally control the schedule of automatic backups and
automatic deletion of backups after an expiry period by applying a backup policy to the backup set. Backup sets and
backup policies are database-level objects. Snowflake replicates those objects along with the databases and schemas that contain them.
For information about how Snowflake replicates backup sets and backup policies, see
Replicate backup-related objects
.
User replication
¶
Business Critical Feature
Requires Business Critical Edition (or higher).
This feature supports replicating users and their properties to target accounts, the following user authentication methods, and provisioning
users and groups with SCIM:
Authentication Method
Works in Target Accounts
Notes
Password
✔
Password with MFA (multi-factor authentication)
✔
Users who are enrolled in MFA in the source account must separately enroll in MFA when they log in to each target account.
Multi-factor authentication (MFA)
✔
Users who are enrolled in MFA in the source account must separately enroll in MFA when they log in to each target account.
