ote the secondary connection in the target account to serve as the primary connection. After executing the following command, users
can use SAML SSO to authenticate to the new target account.
ALTER
CONNECTION
global
PRIMARY
;
Copy
Replicating SCIM security integrations
¶
Replicating a SCIM security integration allows the target account to incorporate SCIM updates that are made to the source account
(e.g. adding new users, adding new roles) after refreshing the target account.
After replicating the SCIM security integration, both Snowflake accounts have the ability to receive SCIM updates from the identity
provider. However, Snowflake allows specifying only one account as the
primary
(i.e. source) account and it is the primary account that
receives SCIM updates from the identity provider.
You can optionally designate a different account as the primary account to receive SCIM updates after replicating the SCIM integration.
Note that the target account can receive SCIM updates from the source account only after refreshing the target account.
For this procedure, assume the following:
Source account:
https://example-northamericawest.snowflakecomputing.com/
Target account:
https://example-northamericaeast.snowflakecomputing.com/
Connection URL:
https://example-global.snowflakecomputing.com
A secondary connection exists in the target account (i.e. only refresh operations are needed).
This procedure is a representative example to do the following:
Replicate a SCIM security integration from the source account to the target account.
Add a new user in Okta, push the new user to the source account, and replicate the new user to the target account.
Refresh the failover group.
Promote the secondary connection in the target account to serve as the primary connection.
Source account steps:
Execute
SHOW CONNECTIONS
to verify that the connection in the source account is the primary connection. If it
is not the primary connection, use the
ALTER CONNECTION
command to promote the connection in the source
account to serve as the primary connection.
If an Okta SCIM security integration is already configured in the source account, skip to the next step.
Otherwise, configure an
Okta SCIM
security integration in the source account.
CREATE
ROLE
IF
NOT
EXISTS
okta_provisioner
;
GRANT
CREATE
USER
ON
ACCOUNT
TO
ROLE
okta_provisioner
;
